Hello Everyone so a very quick problem.
It will not take much time because you all know how to solve this.
So it just says the number of ways n can be written as sum of 1,2,3
So for example, let's say n is equals to five right, then how many number of ways are there?
Okay, let's take us a small case, let's say, N is equal to one.
There's only one way and if N is equal to two.
Then we can write it as one plus one, or we can also write it as 2, if n is equal to three.
then we can write it as one plus one plus one.
One plus two, two plus one.
See, remember two plus one is different from one plus two.
Don't forget this.
These are two different ways.
And the last one is Three.
What about N equals to four now?
Now you can easily see the pattern.
So for N equals to four is nothing but.
The number of ways in which I can write N = 3,and I will add one after them if I want
to add one after them right.
So basically it is f(n) equals to f(n-1) because if I want to add one after them,
f(n-2) if I want to add two after them basically number of ways in which F two is written.
And I want to add two after each of them plus number of ways in which one is written and I want to add
three after them.
Right.
So if I sum it up, so what it, what it will give me, it will give me one plus three.
This will give me one plus one plus two, two plus two.
And the last one will give me one plus one plus one plus one, one plus two plus one, two plus one
plus one and three plus one.
These are the number of ways in which I can write.
similarly for 5 what it will be.
If I want to add one, the number of ways in which I can write 4 add one in number of ways in
which I can write.
Three add two number of ways in which I can write two add three simple.
So we have already seen this.
It's a very quick example of combinatorial games.
I.
You want me to code it?
I don't think so I will.
coding is needed in this.
It's just a very simple relations fibonacci series, I call it fibonacci series
So.
Yeah.
Thank you.
all, see you in the next part